doc/dev_guides/nrf54l: added fota_update & KMU guides (#18231)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/app_dev/device_guides/nrf54l/kmu_provision.rst

.. _ug_nrf54l_developing_provision_kmu:

> nRF54L15 KMU provisioning
> #########################
> 
> nRF54L15 is equipped with Hardware Key Management Unit which needs to be provisioned if is in Usage.
> NCS provide west command ```ncs-provision`` which allows to upload keys to the device thought SWD interface.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nRF54L15 KMU provisioning
#########################

The nRF54L15 DK is equipped with Hardware Key Management Unit (KMU), that requires provisioning when in use.
The |NCS| provides a west command, ``ncs-provision``, allowing to upload keys to the device though the Serial Write Debug (SWD) interface.
```

> Prerequisite
> ************
> 
> nrfprovision script need to be installed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prerequisites
*************

First, you must install the nrfprovision script:
```

.. parsed-literal::
   :class: highlight

>     pip install nrfprovision

Author: pip install nrfprovision==0.9.0 --index-url https://files.nordicsemi.com/artifactory/api/pypi/nordic-pypi/simple

Provisioning keys to the board
******************************

> 
> .. parsed-literal::
>    :class: highlight
> 
>     west ncs-provision upload -s nrf54l15 -k ed25519.pem -k ed25519-1.pem -k ed25519-2.pem
> 
> Parameter -s (-–soc) specifies target device, currently nrf54l15 is only supported.
> 
> Parameters -k (-–key) specifies private key pem files of keys which have to be provisioned to the SoC. This parameters might be specified up to tree times.
> The script generates the public key for each private key and upload these public keys to the device.
> These public keys populating generations of the Key for verification of the application image verified by the MCUboot.
> The first key in the command is relevant for the first generation - is shall be used for the application image signing.
> Currently the script supports only ED25519 Keys.
> 
> The command shall be used on not provisioned SoC.
> If the SoC was provisioned before, and different keys set shall be use the SoC should be erased with recovery command.

Reviewer: Switched the order a bit

```suggestion

Before uploading keys, ensure that the SoC is unprovisioned. 
If the SoC has been previously provisioned and you need to use a different set of keys, you must first erase the SoC with the recovery command:

.. parsed-literal::
   :class: highlight
    west flash --recover

Once you have an unprovisioned SoC, upload keys to the board by running the following command:

.. parsed-literal::
   :class: highlight

    west ncs-provision upload -s nrf54l15 -k ed25519.pem -k ed25519-1.pem -k ed25519-2.pem
 
* Parameter ``-s (-–soc)`` specifies the target device.
  Currently, only the nRF54L15 DK is supported.

* Parameter ``-k (-–key)`` specifies the private key PEM files to be provisioned to the SoC. 
  You can specify up to three keys. 

The script generates the public key for each private key and uploads them to your device.
These public keys generate the verification keys for the application image, which are then used by MCUboot for validation.
The first key specified in the command is used for signing the application image. 
Currently, the script supports only ED25519 Keys.

```

.. parsed-literal::
   :class: highlight

>     west flash --recover

Reviewer 2: not working without --build-dir option
(and user does not need to run --recover, --erase option during flashing is enough to clear the keys)

instead of using west flash, user can run
`nrfjprog --eraseall`
or
`nrfutil device erase` (plus --serial-number if more boards is connected)

.. _ug_nrf54l_developing_provision_kmu:

nRF54L15 KMU provisioning
#########################

The nRF54L15 DK is equipped with Hardware Key Management Unit (KMU), that requires provisioning when in use.
The |NCS| provides a west command, ``ncs-provision``, allowing to upload keys to the device though the Serial Write Debug (SWD) interface.

Prerequisites
*************

First, you must install the nrfprovision script:

.. parsed-literal::
   :class: highlight

>     pip install nrfprovision==0.9.0 --index-url https://files.nordicsemi.com/artifactory/api/pypi/nordic-pypi/simple

Author: @de-nordic Can you suggest appropriate sentence(s)?

>     pip install nrfprovision==0.9.0 --index-url https://files.nordicsemi.com/artifactory/api/pypi/nordic-pypi/simple

Author: --extra-index-url

Provisioning keys to the board
******************************

Before uploading keys, ensure that the SoC is unprovisioned. 

> If the SoC has been previously provisioned and you need to use a different set of keys, you must first erase the SoC with the recovery command:

Reviewer 3: This talks about the "recovery command" but the command shown below is just a device erase and not: west flash --erase

.. tabs::

    .. group-tab:: erase using nrfutil

      .. parsed-literal::
         :class: highlight

          nrfutil device erase

    .. group-tab:: erase using nrfjprog

      .. parsed-literal::
         :class: highlight

>           nrfjprog --eraseall

Reviewer 4: --recover?

Author: @gchwier told that --eraseall is enough

Once you have an unprovisioned SoC, upload keys to the board by running the following command:

.. parsed-literal::
   :class: highlight

>     west ncs-provision upload -s nrf54l15 -k ed25519.pem -k ed25519-1.pem -k ed25519-2.pem

Reviewer 3: it is not clear how to generate these "PEM" files. Please add a link to page that tells how to do this, or add that information here.

 
* Parameter ``-s (-–soc)`` specifies the target device.
  Currently, only the nRF54L15 DK is supported.

* Parameter ``-k (-–key)`` specifies the private key PEM files to be provisioned to the SoC. 
  You can specify up to three keys. 

The script generates the public key for each private key and uploads them to your device.
These public keys generate the verification keys for the application image, which are then used by MCUboot for validation.
The first key specified in the command is used for signing the application image. 
Currently, the script supports only ED25519 Keys.

> .. parsed-literal::

Reviewer 4: not sure why this is here?

> .. parsed-literal::

Reviewer 3: This appears out of nowhere here. Remove.

.. _ug_nrf54l_developing_provision_kmu:

nRF54L15 KMU provisioning
#########################

> 

Reviewer 5: .. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

Please add the above toc

.. _ug_nrf54l_developing_provision_kmu:

nRF54L15 KMU provisioning
#########################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

The nRF54L15 DK is equipped with Hardware Key Management Unit (KMU), that requires provisioning when in use.
The |NCS| provides a west command, ``ncs-provision``, allowing to upload keys to the device though the Serial Write Debug (SWD) interface.

Prerequisites
*************

> First, you must have installed the nrfprovision script. It should been installed automatically while setup NCS working environment.
> The script can also be installed manually using the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, ensure that the nrfprovision script is installed. 
It should install automatically during the setup of the |NCS| working environment. 
If it was not installed, or if you wish to install it manually, run the following command:
```

.. _ug_nrf54l_developing_provision_kmu:

nRF54L15 KMU provisioning
#########################

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

The nRF54L15 DK is equipped with Hardware Key Management Unit (KMU), that requires provisioning when in use.
The |NCS| provides a west command, ``ncs-provision``, allowing to upload keys to the device though the Serial Write Debug (SWD) interface.

Prerequisites
*************

First, ensure that the nrfprovision script is installed.
It should install automatically during the setup of the |NCS| working environment.
If it was not installed, or if you wish to install it manually, run the following command:

.. parsed-literal::
   :class: highlight

    pip install nrfprovision==0.9.0 --extra-index-url https://files.nordicsemi.com/artifactory/api/pypi/nordic-pypi/simple

Key generation
**************

If you need a new key, you can generate it using imgtool or another tool that produces the required kind and format of key.
For instructions on how to generate a key, see the :doc:`imgtool page in the MCUboot documentation<mcuboot:imgtool>`.
See the following example for generating a private key:

.. parsed-literal::
   :class: highlight

>    ./bootloader/mcuboot/scripts/imgtool.py keygen -k my_ed25519_priv_key.pem -t ed25519

Reviewer 4: this assumes a patch, if thy are using ncs or have installed it using pip then imgtool should be available globally without needing a path so this should be removed
